{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Univers{\*\falt Arial};}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 
\snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cf2 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li2\ri2\sb80\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 
\additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs18 \additive \i \sbasedon10 Emphasis;}}{\info{\title NTFilemon}{\author Preferred Customer}{\operator Mark Russinovich}
{\creatim\yr1998\mo12\dy4\hr9\min46}{\revtim\yr1998\mo12\dy4\hr9\min46}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords416}{\nofchars2373}{\*\company Micron Electronics, Inc.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 
{\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20 {\cs16\super $}{ Regmon Help}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\li2\ri2\sb80\widctlpar\adjustright \f16\fs20 {\cs16\super #}{ INTRO}}}{
\par }{\b\i\f1\fs36\cf2 Regmon for Windows NT/9x}{\f1 
\par }{\b\f1 Copyright \'a9 1996-1998 Mark Russinovich and Bryce Cogswell
\par http://www.sysinternals.com}{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cf2 Introduction}{\f1 
\par 
\par }{\i\f1 Regmon}{\f1 
 is a GUI/device driver combination that together monitor and display all Registry activity on a system. It has advanced filtering and search capabilities that make it a powerful tool for exploring the way NT works, seeing how applications use the Registr
y, or tracking down problems in system or application configurations. 
\par 
\par }{\i\f1 Regmon}{\f1  works on NT 3.51, NT 4.0, Windows 2000 (NT 5.0), Windows 95 and Windows 98.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cf2 Starting  Regmon}{\f1 
\par 
\par Simply run the }{\i\f1 Regmon}{\f1  GUI (Regmon.exe) from the same directory that the driver (regsys.sys) resides in. }{\i\f1 Windows NT Note: Regmon must be located on a non-network drive and you must have administrative privilege to run it}{\f1 
. Menus, hot-keys, or toolbar buttons can be used to clear the window, save the monitored data to a file, and to filter and search output.  
\par 
\par As events are printed to the output, they are tagged with a sequence number. If }{\i\f1 Regmon\rquote s }{\f1  internal buffers are overflowed during extremely heavy activity, this will be reflected with gaps in the sequence number.
\par 
\par Each time you exit }{\i\f1 Regmon}{\f1  it remembers the position of the window and the widths of the output columns.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Monitoring Boot-Time Registry Access (Windows NT/2K only)
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 
\par }{\f1\cf1 To use }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 Regmon's}{\f1\cf1  boot logging feature simply select the "Log Boot" menu entry. }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 Regmon}{\f1\cf1  will indicate that starting 
the next time the system boots Registry activity will be monitored and recorded to a log file named REGMON.LOG in your system root directory. When you make this selection }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 Regmon}{\f1\cf1 
 configures itself as the very first driver to initialize in the system, enabli
ng it to capture the Registry startup activity of all other device drivers and services, including critical boot drivers such as SCSI miniport drivers and boot file system drivers.}{ 
\par 
\par }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 Regmon}{\f1\cf1  stops recording to the log file when you start the }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 Regmon}{\f1\cf1  GUI, and
 it will only log a single boot. Logging is therefore also stopped when the system shuts down, unless you have re-enabled boot-time logging for the subsequent boot. The format of the log file is the same tab-delineated text as a standard }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 
Regmon}{\f1\cf1  output file that can be viewed with any editor. 
\par }{
\par }{\f1\cf1 Before you use the boot-logging feature you should ensure that there is ample free space on your system drive. Capturing Registry activity from startup to shutdown on an NT 4.0 system will generate a log file with 90,
000-120,000 records (7-10 MB in size), whereas an identically configured NT 5.0 system (Beta 2) will generate 140,000-160,000 records (15-25 MB's of log data). If }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 Regmon}{\f1\cf1 
 fills the disk while writing to the log it will truncate the log file and leave a message in it indicating that the disk did not have enough free space. }{\cs18\i\f1\cf1 Regmon}{\f1\cf1 
 aborts logging and cleans up the log in such cases so that lack of disk space will not prevent a successful boot.}{
\par }{\f1 
\par }{\b\f1\cf2 Filtering Output}{\f1 
\par 
\par Use the Filter dialog to select what data will be shown in the list view. The \lquote *\rquote 
 wildcard matches arbitrary strings, filters are case-insensitive.  Only matches shown in the path include filter, but that are not excluded with the path exclude filter, are displayed. Use \lquote ;\rquote 
 to separate multiple filter component strings (e.g. \ldblquote *CurrentControl*;*Software*\rdblquote ). The process filter also accepts the wildcard character, and multiple process strings separated with \lquote ;\rquote . 
\par 
\par For example, if the path include filter is \ldblquote HKLM\\*\rdblquote , and the path exclude filter is \ldblquote HKLM\\System*\rdblquote , all references to keys and values under HLM\\, except to those under HKLM\\System would be monitored.
\par }{\b\f1\cf2 
\par Limiting Output}{\f1 
\par 
\par The History Depth entry in the Filter dialog allows you to specify the maximum number of lines that will be remembered in the output window. A depth of 0 is used to signify no limit.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cf2 Searching the Output}{\f1 
\par 
\par You can search the output window for strings using the Find menu item (or the find toolbar button). Once you have opened a Find dialog
 and hit the FindNext button, you can repeat the search without changing the focus back to the Find dialog by hitting the F3 key.
\par 
\par To start a search at a particular line in the output, select the desired line by clicking it. If no line is selected a new search starts at the first entry in searching down, and at the last entry for searching up.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cf2 Jumping to a Key or Value in }{\b\i\f1\cf2 Regedit}{\f1 
\par }{\f1 
\par If you come across a key or value name in the output that you want to modify or view in }{\i\f1 Regedit}{\f1 , you can do so simply by double-clicking on the line containing the name or pressing the }{\i\f1 Regedit}{\f1  toolbar button. }{\i\f1 Regmon}{
\f1  will launch }{\i\f1 Regedit}{\f1  (if it hasn\rquote t been launched already) and navigate directly to the value or key. Note that if you select a non-existent value or key }{\i\f1 Regmon}{\f1  will take }{\i\f1 Regedit}{\f1  to a position }{\f1 
as close as possible }{\f1 to where the value or key would be located.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Viewing Partially Obscured Fields
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\f1 
\par Fields within a row in }{\i\f1 Regmon\rquote s}{\f1  output may be partially hidden if the field\rquote s column is not wide enough to fully display the field\rquote s text. If you have a newer version of the Microsoft\rquote 
s common control dialog DLL then hovering the mouse over an obscured field will cause a tool-tip with the contents of the field to be displayed. If this does not occur, try right-clicking on the field. 
With old versions of the common control DLLs the only way to reveal an obscured field is to make its column wider.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cf2 Reporting Bugs and Feedback}{\f1 
\par 
\par If you encounter a problem while running }{\i\f1 Regmon}{\f1 , please visit http://www.sysinternals.com to obtain the latest 
version. If you still have problems, please record all the information in the top few lines of a Blue Screen (if you encounter one), as well as the section of addresses and driver names just above the administrative message. Determine if the problem is re
producible, and if so, how, and send this information to:
\par 
\par \tab mark@sysinternals.com and
\par \tab cogswell@winternals.com
\par 
\par }}